santa claus is coming early
my name is Brian and you're watching
survival on purpose welcome back
survival on purpose like I said Santa
Claus is coming early really excited
that strayed knives is partnered with
survival on purpose and we're going to
be giving away seven brand new 2015
edition schrade knives let's take a look
at what going to be giving away and
we'll talk about how you can get your
chance to win one of these great new
straight knives okay so here we got the
seven dollars going to be giving away
first of all is the SCH f28 it's a
pretty good-sized chopper here next is
the SCH f 37 m which is a stainless
knife with my car door handles now I
want to point out the one that if you
win this knife the one you would get
would be black it wouldn't be I'll strip
the coating off mines but it would be
black it'll look like this one only to
be brand new okay next is the SCH f38
which is got to make sure I got the
number right SCH 38 which is another
bushcraft line same handle style this
one has tpe handles and the 1095 carbon
steel the black coating and is a
six-inch blade with no choice next on
the list is the SCH f 36 m again
stainless with micarta handle about a
5-inch blade with the toil again this
one will be black I've stripped this one
off so but yours to be brand new he'd be
black you can do what you want to with
it next on list is to SCH f 32 which is
a full tang knife the really sharp drop
point blade and tpe handles I've done a
review on this really nice knife next on
the list is the SCH 110 brand new 4 2015
trades first quran bit in this raid
model line and again s SCH 110 really
cool knife and finally the SCH 40 4 l
ceramic blade knife which is another
really really nice EDC knife ok so you
have a chance to win one of seven great
knobs here from straight so let me tell
you how you enter for your chance to win
ok so let's talk about how you can get a
chance to win one of these great free
knives first of all I like to thank
trade for partnering with survival on
purpose to give away these knives
straight is doing a good job of not only
producing
really high value product really great
quality at a price that the average
person can afford we're also doing a
really great job of just supporting the
community and through giving them you
know sending out these knives for review
and they're giving away a lot of knives
to to their followers and fans and stuff
on Facebook so anyway here's how you can
can get your chance to possibly win one
of these great seven knives from
straight first of all you need to make
sure you're subscribed to trades youtube
channel and to survival on purpose
youtube channel there'll be links down
below for that then the next thing you
need to do is you need to like both
trades facebook page and the survival on
purpose facebook page there'll be links
to that also and finally there'll be a
link to where you enter the contest the
contest is going to run through november
the 19th when the contest ends there'll
be a random drawing to choose the
winners of these knives if you're lucky
it could be you anyway as always thanks
for watching surviving on purpose thanks
for subscribing to survival on purpose
and strays youtube channel for liking
those facebook pages for clicking that
thumbs up down below this video if you
like it let Google know that you like
outdoor knife videos share share share
it with your friends give them a chance
to win a knife that'd be great I just
really appreciate all your support once
again my name is Brian you're watching
survival on purpose remember survivals
not an accident so be prepared see you
next time
you